index.md, before:

---
permalink: /
layout: default
title: Introduction
---

In keeping with its mission to transform the way the federal government builds and buys digital services, [18F](https://18f.gsa.gov) set out to find a new way of procuring digital services. As [we wrote in January 2015](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/01/08/creating-a-federal-marketplace-for-agile-delivery-services/):

> To keep pace, software acquisitions need to move at the speed of agile development cycles. Ideally, this means less than 4 weeks from solicitation to contract kickoff, and from there no more than 3 months to deliver a minimum viable product.

The Agile Digital Services Blanket Purchase Agreement ("Agile BPA"), which will soon be in the [Alpha Stage](https://18f.gsa.gov/dashboard/stages/), represents an effort to align acquisition practices with agile delivery practices.

## What *is* the Agile BPA?

The Agile BPA is 18F's contract vehicle to acquire development, design, and full-stack teams to help work on 18F-managed projects. Through the Agile BPA, 18F will have vendors with [labor categories](https://pages.18f.gov/agile-labor-categories/) ranging from Backend Web Developers to Visual Designers to Content Strategists.

## Which vendors are on the Agile BPA?

We don't know yet. For the alpha stage, all vendors must be on [GSA Schedule 70](http://gsa.gov/schedule70). When the first awards are issued, we will update this site.

## What makes the Agile BPA different?

There are several differences between the Agile BPA and most other traditional IT services contract vehicles: 

1. We use [novel ways to select vendors](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/04/23/coming-soon-the-agile-delivery-services-soliciatation/). The most important thing for us is the ability to ship high-quality working software. 

2. We use an *iterative and incremental approach* to the use of agile procurement. This will allow us to focus on building the appropriate processes and tools, and scale over time. 

3. We make the procurements themselves reflect agile development. We plan to issue task orders – consistent with the [TechFAR](https://github.com/WhiteHouse/playbook/blob/gh-pages/_includes/techfar-online.md) — that feature shorter time-frames, smaller dollar amounts, and user-centered design principles.

Commit message:

Style and content changes
Added line about beta outreach for non-Schedule 70 vendors and line about 3 pools of competition.

index.md, after:

---
permalink: /
layout: default
title: Introduction
---

In keeping with its mission to transform the way the federal government builds and buys digital services, [18F](https://18f.gsa.gov) set out to find a new way of procuring digital services. As [we wrote in January 2015](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/01/08/creating-a-federal-marketplace-for-agile-delivery-services/):

> To keep pace, software acquisitions need to move at the speed of agile development cycles. Ideally, this means less than four weeks from solicitation to contract kickoff, and from there no more than three months to deliver a minimum viable product.

The Agile Digital Services Blanket Purchase Agreement (Agile BPA), which will soon be in the [Alpha Stage](https://18f.gsa.gov/dashboard/stages/), represents an effort to align acquisition practices with agile delivery practices.

## What *is* the Agile BPA?

The Agile BPA is 18F's contract vehicle to acquire development, design, and full-stack teams to help work on 18F-managed projects. Through the Agile BPA, 18F will hire vendors with [labor categories](https://pages.18f.gov/agile-labor-categories/) ranging from Backend Web Developers to Visual Designers to Content Strategists. Vendors will be able to compete among three pools:

- Design (small businesses only)
- Development (small businesses only)
- Full stack (unrestricted)

## Which vendors are on the Agile BPA?

We don't know yet. For the alpha stage, all vendors must be on [GSA Schedule 70](http://gsa.gov/schedule70). The beta version of the BPA will include an outreach component for onboarding new companies onto Schedule 70 who want to compete for a spot on the BPA. When the first awards are issued, we will update this site.

## What makes the Agile BPA different?

There are several differences between the Agile BPA and most other traditional IT services contract vehicles: 

1. We use [novel ways to select vendors](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/04/23/coming-soon-the-agile-delivery-services-soliciatation/). The most important thing for us is the ability to ship high-quality working software. 

2. We use an *iterative and incremental approach* to the use of agile procurement. This will allow us to focus on building the appropriate processes and tools, and help us scale over time. 

3. We make the procurements themselves reflect agile development. We plan to issue task orders — consistent with the [TechFAR](https://github.com/WhiteHouse/playbook/blob/gh-pages/_includes/techfar-online.md) — that feature shorter time-frames, smaller dollar amounts, and user-centered design principles.
