pages/actual-blankets.md, before:

---
permalink: /actual-blankets
layout: default
title: 18F's Agile Blanket Purchase Agreement expands to offer actual blankets
---

In keeping with its mission to transform the way the federal government builds and buys digital services, 18F set out to find a new way of procuring digital services: [at the speed of agile development cycles](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/01/08/creating-a-federal-marketplace-for-agile-delivery-services/). We are sufficiently pleased with our new Agile Blanket Purchase Agreement that we've decided to expand our offerings to include actual blankets via the "18FABPAfAB" &mdash; the "18F Agile Blanket Purchase Agreement for Actual Blankets."

![Tech. Sgt. Justin Walther, an Airmen with the 167th Airlift Wing, loads blankets onto a C-130 destined for use by Hurricane Sandy victims. A total of 25,000 blankets were flown into JFK Airport in New York. Photo credit: West Virginia National Guard](https://pages.18f.gov/ads-bpa/assets/img/actual-blankets.jpg "Tech. Sgt. Justin Walther, an Airmen with the 167th Airlift Wing, loads blankets onto a C-130 destined for use by Hurricane Sandy victims. A total of 25,000 blankets were flown into JFK Airport in New York. Photo credit: West Virginia National Guard")

For the 18FABPAfAB (pronounced ONE - EIGHT - FAB - PAH - FAB), 18F partnered with the General Service Administration (GSA) [Office of Warm Bedding Services](https://pages.18f.gov/ads-bpa/actual-blankets) to establish a [blanket purchase agreement (BPA)](http://www.gsa.gov/portal/content/199353) featuring vendors specializing in blankets and related bedding (e.g., duvets, comforters, quilts).

The 18FABPAfAB is different from most other traditional bedding services contract vehicles. It uses [novel ways to select vendors](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/04/23/coming-soon-the-agile-delivery-services-soliciatation/): the most important thing for us is the ability to ship high-quality working blankets from day 1. We plan to issue task orders — consistent with the [TechFAR](https://playbook.cio.gov/techfar/) — that feature shorter time-frames, smaller dollar amounts, and user-centered design principles, so our blankets are a better fit for the diverse needs of the public. For example, blankets in Georgia will have automatic pollen absorption capabilities, while blankets in Texas will be purely decorative, as 18Fers in the state report it's never actually that cold there. Blankets in the Pacific Northwest will feature prominent art of the sun, with a possible risk that nighttime may be brighter than daytime.

If this step is successful, we may expand the 18FABPAfAB to include vendors specializing in blanketing as a gerund (e.g., cloaking, coating, shrouding, carpeting).

We use an *iterative and incremental* approach to the use of agile procurement. This will allow us to focus on building the appropriate blanket catalog, and help us scale over time to SDDBS: Same-Day Delivery-of-Bedding Services.

#Get updates
* [Read 18F blog posts about the Agile BPA](https://18f.gsa.gov/tags/agile-bpa/)

Commit message:

prepping page to remain in archival form

pages/actual-blankets.md, after:

---
permalink: /actual-blankets
layout: default
title: 18F's Agile Blanket Purchase Agreement expands to offer actual blankets
---
April 1, 2016

In keeping with its mission to transform the way the federal government builds and buys digital services, 18F set out to find a new way of procuring digital services: [at the speed of agile development cycles](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/01/08/creating-a-federal-marketplace-for-agile-delivery-services/). We are sufficiently pleased with our new Agile Blanket Purchase Agreement that we've decided to expand our offerings to include actual blankets via the "18FABPAfAB" &mdash; the "18F Agile Blanket Purchase Agreement for Actual Blankets."

![Tech. Sgt. Justin Walther, an Airmen with the 167th Airlift Wing, loads blankets onto a C-130 destined for use by Hurricane Sandy victims. A total of 25,000 blankets were flown into JFK Airport in New York. Photo credit: West Virginia National Guard](https://pages.18f.gov/ads-bpa/assets/img/actual-blankets.jpg "Tech. Sgt. Justin Walther, an Airmen with the 167th Airlift Wing, loads blankets onto a C-130 destined for use by Hurricane Sandy victims. A total of 25,000 blankets were flown into JFK Airport in New York. Photo credit: West Virginia National Guard")

For the 18FABPAfAB (pronounced ONE - EIGHT - FAB - PAH - FAB), 18F partnered with the General Service Administration (GSA) [Office of Warm Bedding Services](https://pages.18f.gov/ads-bpa/actual-blankets) to establish a [blanket purchase agreement (BPA)](http://www.gsa.gov/portal/content/199353) featuring vendors specializing in blankets and related bedding (e.g., duvets, comforters, quilts).

The 18FABPAfAB is different from most other traditional bedding services contract vehicles. It uses [novel ways to select vendors](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/04/23/coming-soon-the-agile-delivery-services-soliciatation/): the most important thing for us is the ability to ship high-quality working blankets from day 1. We plan to issue task orders — consistent with the [TechFAR](https://playbook.cio.gov/techfar/) — that feature shorter time-frames, smaller dollar amounts, and user-centered design principles, so our blankets are a better fit for the diverse needs of the public. For example, blankets in Georgia will have automatic pollen absorption capabilities, while blankets in Texas will be purely decorative, as 18Fers in the state report it's never actually that cold there. Blankets in the Pacific Northwest will feature prominent art of the sun, with a possible risk that nighttime may be brighter than daytime.

If this step is successful, we may expand the 18FABPAfAB to include vendors specializing in blanketing as a gerund (e.g., cloaking, coating, shrouding, carpeting).

We use an *iterative and incremental* approach to the use of agile procurement. This will allow us to focus on building the appropriate blanket catalog, and help us scale over time to SDDBS: Same-Day Delivery-of-Bedding Services.

Special note: this was an April Fools page, but you can [read real 18F blog posts about the Agile BPA](https://18f.gsa.gov/tags/agile-bpa/)
